Kennesaw State to Join Conference USA in 2024-25

Kennesaw State University has formally accepted an invitation for membership within Conference USA, the university and league announced Friday.
 
KSU will start the transition from the Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) to the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) following the 2022 football season and officially join Conference USA (CUSA) for all sports July 1, 2024. Following a campus visit in August of this year, the members of the CUSA Board of Directors voted unanimously in September to invite KSU to join the conference.

Following approval of the proposal from stakeholder groups, University System Chancellor Sonny Perdue provided final approval as authorized by the Board of Regents on Friday, October 14, 2022.
 
Kennesaw State boasts the largest enrollment within the FCS of more than 43,000 students and has grown at an unparalleled rate in college athletics since its beginnings as an NAIA (National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics) program in 1982.
 
The Owls are fresh off one of their most successful athletic years in university history. In 2021-22, KSU won conference titles in baseball, football, men's tennis, and women's track and field, and the co-ed cheerleading team took home its third consecutive national championship. Since joining the Division 1 ranks in 2005, KSU has won 43 conference championships and 11 regular season titles across a range of women and men's sports. Counting Kennesaw State's time as an NAIA and NCAA DII program, and the history of consolidated Southern Polytechnic State University (SPSU), KSU has won over 150 conference, district, and regional championships, and six national championships.
 
Kennesaw State football owns the distinction as the best start-up program in college football history, since the team began competition in 2015. The Owls won 48 games over their first five seasons, and KSU is also the first start-up program in college football history to post three consecutive 11-win seasons during its first five years of competition. The Owls have won three conference titles in the last five seasons and have four FCS Playoff appearances.
